Dear ChangHoon,
 I'm finally back to you re. the plot you showed both in
 La Palma and in the EGEE Bologna meeting.

 I'm talking of the plot shown eg at slide 19 of your Bologna talk:
 http://egee2014.bo.astro.it/EGEE2014/EGEE2014_slides/Talks/Monday/Hahn_EGEE2014.pdf

 As you may remember I said to you that I had some concerns re. the message
 conveyed by such a plot comparing your results to the points of Iovino et
 al. 2010.

 I had a look again both at our original paper and at your talk and I
 have some comments for you to consider.

 1- You did an interesting exercise trying to compare your results with
 those in the literature, so I guess this is sure something that has to be
 presented in your paper.

 2- However even if you want to show the points from Iovino2010
 I think you should be also commenting that:

 a- the selection of quiescent/blue galaxies in your work and in
 Iovino2010 is made with different criteria: while you use the SF
 sequence, we adopted a simple cut in (U-B) color, and this is
 already a possible source of a systematic offset between our
 values for fQ (fraction of quiescent) even if the environment
 definitions were the same.

b- we say explicitly in the paper that the figure you refer to (Fig. 12)
"suggests that the time when blue galaxies were in the majority has
ended earlier for galaxies in groups than for those in field or
isolated galaxies" and this is also what you plot at page 19 of your
presentation shows.

But then we go on to say that: " the error bars in the slopes of the
fit are quite large and it is difficult to draw definitive
conclusions on the fractional rate of change in Fblue for the
different environments of each mass bin considered. In each redshift
bin, all the values obtained for FblueÎ² are compatible with each
other for the three environments considered, given their large error
bars".  So this is why to display only the points without error bars
is somehow misleading, as it may suggest that in our date we see a
faster evolution in the lower density environments, something
the we explicitly say it is not possible to conclude from the
evidence we have in our hands.

In fact one of the main results of our paper states that: 'the
migration of galaxies from the blue cloud to the red sequence is a
process more efficient/faster in groups than in isolated/field
galaxies, and is therefore the signature of environmental processes
at play in groups in shaping galaxy evolution"  and this result seem
in reasonable agreement with what I think is the message of your
plot at page 17 of your talk, where you show a faster variation of
fQ in higher density than in lower density environments.

So in my opinion our two results seem to agree as far as global
trends with environments are concerned.

This is all. I wish you all the best !  Angela
